Let's get moving
================

"Yup! It's about time we ventured inside!" Sellaris throws an excited punch
at the sky, a big smile across their face. You allow yourself a shy smile.
If anything, Sellaris' energy was enough for both of you.

"So," you say, after watching Sellaris stand at the same place for a while.
They had, in fact, been looking in your direction, but perhaps not really at
*you*. Now you were certain they had your undivided attention. "Uh,
so, how do we get inside? The door seems locked or something."

"Oh!" Sellaris sounds genuinely surprised for a second, but quickly covers
their mouth with their hand. "I'm sorry, I forgot about that one detail."

You watch as Sellaris moves their fingers through the keys in their keychain.
Some of the keyblades look exactly the same to you, but they have different
heads. At one point Sellaris' fingers stop, and, with a pleased smile on their
face, pluck out one of the keys. Your eyes widen in shock as a very similar
key---the head is different again---grows back in its place.

"This one should do," they proclaim. And, humming a little song, skip towards
the door. In goes the key. It turns a few times. You hear something tick.
"Okay, all's good now!"

Sellaris then proceeds to push the door---it must be quite heavy, you see
their face wrinkle as they, slowly, open it. You help, after your initial
shock, and it doesn't take much longer for you to be inside.

...in pure darkness.

"Well, this is a bit troubling," Sellaris brushes their hair with their hand,
an embarrassing pink colouring their cheeks. "The darkness does set the mood,
don't get me wrong, but it's not supposed to be *this* dark."

You twirl around a little to get to know more of the place. Sellaris was right.
This *was* troubling. You couldn't see anything. And the only sounds you could
hear were Sellaris' voice. Venturing down the tower in such situation might
not be the wisest of the ideas.

"Something might be wrong with the Torch system. Again. I kept telling them
to just go with real torches instead of simulating one, but does anyone ever
listen to me?" Sellaris' rambling was as confusing as usual. You looked at
their direction, a quizzed expression in your face.

And then it dawned on you that Sellaris couldn't know you were completely
lost at what they just said. "Uh, you might want to go over that one again.
What is this about torches?"

You feel Sellaris' stepping forward and grabbing your hand. "I just had
a great idea!" Oh no. They were not listening to you. "Can you get out
the Crochet hook I gave you?"

Freeing your hand from their grasp, you search the bag for the Crochet
hook. Grab it. Pull it out of the bag. And it... shines? It's not enough
to really *illuminate* the place, but the small glitter crystals that
sprout forth from the hook at least help you see Sellaris' face again.

"Wave it around!" The glitter reflects in Sellaris' eyes, it sparkles
more than usual. Or maybe they're just *that* excited. The little
blue irises staring in your direction, expectantly.

You wave the hook around. Glitter traces the air. Light seems to
accumulate in the tip of the hook. It shines stronger. Even stronger
now. You shield your eyes from the overwhelming brightness for one moment,
and then the light is gone.

"Ugh... my head hurts," a voice you hadn't heard before rings through
the place. It's not as high-pitched as Sellaris', but still in the higher
registers. You wave the hook around just in case---it glitters again,
the stranger has long pink hair and a pained expression on their
face.

"This is Miss Crochet," Sellaris explains. "She's a bit shy and is
usually hiding from everything in that hook, but we'll need all of
the power we can get in this situation so might as well just go and
ask her for help."

At one point you would have stopped Sellaris here, shock painted on
your face, asking "She came OUT OF THE HOOK???". The past minutes
felt so surreal, however, that you were quite sure nothing could faze
you anymore.

:doc:`"So, about those torches..." <002>`