Your journey begins
===================

You had heard rumours of it. Of the Spire. The massive monument at the
centre of the world which---this is where it got weird---which extended
downwards. Towards the centre of the Earth. Perhaps they had learnt the
mistakes from other such towers that try to reach the sky or something,
and then have annoyed gods seething confusion among the people to thwart
their plans.

Who'd thwart the plans of constructing one that tried to reach the
centre of the Earth? (Here, in fact, you *could* come up with many
**whats**, but no **who** crossed your mind)

Still, you were curious. Who wouldn't be? They tried to build it
and---reportedly---succeeded! You could visit it. You could go inside
of the Spire. Descend its unending stairs. Or ramps. See for yourself
what laid within its deepest walls.

You were curious, and now you are here.

There's one small problem you had not entirely thought of, however:
how do you even *get* inside? No matter how you look at it, the
small dome that greeted you had a door. And the door was closed.
Yes, you did try to pull it. You tried pushing it as well. No luck.
You presume that the small keyhole at its centre is to blame.

You may think: well, fine, I'll just have to pick the lock now.
Many before you have thought the same. It did not work. Somehow,
even perfectly replicating the shape it expects isn't enough.
Rumours had it that the door was locked by pure magic.

You knew magic did not exist. But you also knew towers weren't
supposed to grow towards the centre of the Earth.

:doc:`"There must be something else here..." <002>`