I'm a seasoned adventurer
-------------------------

"What...", you try to get your thoughts together after all of the
things Sellaris told you. "I've never heard of an Adventuring Starter
Pack," you start there. "And I also don't know how to activate a
Crochet hook," you show the small device on your open hand, "you
mean this one, right? I've never used one"

Sellaris nods. "Ah, yes, sorry. Sometimes people tell me I speak
too fast. And too much," they sigh. "I didn't mean to overwhelm you.
We can go through this slowly."

They pull out a book from their pocket---it must be quite sizable
with all of the things they're holding in it; you wish your pockets
were that big. From where you stand you can read the big letters in
the cover of the book, it says
:doc:`The Crochet System <../../../reference/system/index>`.
They pull out another book. This one is... thin. But more than that,
it's *different*. You have never seen a book quite like that one.
The cover says :doc:`Crochet's API Reference <../../../reference/api/index>`.

"You should keep these around somewhere, but you won't need them
**right now**," they say, handing the two books to you. You stare
at Sellaris, at a loss for what to do with the books. *How* do you keep these
around? As if reading your mind, Sellaris puts their hands in their
pocket again. This time, out comes a big cross-body bag, which they
hand to you with a sad expression on their face---maybe they did
not have heaps of them, but who knows.

"If you put them in this Browser-bag, say if you put them in one
of its tabs, then you can keep them around with you while you
adventure. And you can access them quickly."

You nod. "And what about the Crochet hook? How do I activate it?"

"Right!" Sellaris claps their hands together. "Let's do that one, then.
So, once you have `Node.js <https://nodejs.org/en/>`_ you'll be able to
activate your Crochet hook with the `npm <https://nodejs.org/en/knowledge/getting-started/npm/what-is-npm/>`_
tool. If you have Node.js, you should have npm. They come together these
days."

"So," Sellaris continues, "to activate it with npm, you need an incantation.
You know how to perform the spells, right? In your terminal?
With the arcane commands and everything? So, I'm going to write here the
words you need to invoke this spell," at some point they had got their
hands into a fine gel pen and a piece of paper, and they were now scribbling
something in it.

.. code-block:: shell

   $ npm install --global @qteatime/crochet@experimental

Seeing what's written in the paper startles you a bit. You blink a couple
of times. You've heard about these before. "Global...?"

"Of course. Well, you don't *need* it to be global. But it makes things
a bit easier. If you'd rather do it some other way, feel free to do it
in a way you prefer and are more comfortable with."

You perform the incantations, Sellaris watching your sorcery attentively.
And when you're done, you notice their light blue eyes sparkle in
anticipation. "You should give it a try! Here, try this one!" It's another
piece of paper, with a different incantation this time. "Try waving the
Crochet hook this time."

.. code-block:: shell

   $ crochet version

You do as Sellaris tells you. The hook sparkles, tracing words and sounds
in the air:

    Crochet version 0.13.0

"Yay! That's it! Your Crochet hook is good to go. Now let's get you
cozy with the Adventuring Starter Pack. That'll be invaluable in
your adventure through the Spire," Sellaris hands you another
incantation in a piece of paper. You're getting used to this.
You prepare your terminal.

.. code-block:: shell

   $ git clone https://github.com/qteatime/adventuring-starter-pack.git

This time, rather than words, you see a small box materialising
in front of you. Out of nothing. The way computer incantations
were just able to fabricate anything you could imagine had
always astounded you.

But---and here was Sellaris poking you on the shoulder---you didn't
have as much time to marvel over the wonders of computer spells now.
The short person beside you was already giving you more papers.

.. code-block:: shell

   $ cd adventuring-starter-pack

"Oh!" The realisation dawns on you as quickly as you finish reading
it. Of course! Since you were going to be using this Adventuring
Starter Pack from now on, it made sense that your future spells
were done from within its domain.

"Ahaha," at your side, Sellaris lets out an awkward laugh. "That
one was supposed to go together with the git one, but it slipped
my mind when I was focused on writing the spells."

You nod. So even the gatekeeper, who seemed to know all of these
arcane incantations by heart, sometimes made mistakes too, huh?
You wouldn't have guessed by looking at them---but then, you
wouldn't have guessed many other things by just looking at
them, if you were being honest.

"I think we're done with preparations, though!" Sellaris
eyes are sparkling again. "You know what that means, right?"

:doc:`"We can venture inside of the Spire now?" <../ch01/001>`

