Preparing for the adventure
===========================

Sellaris ponders for a moment at your question. They stare
at you from head to toe, their hand holding their chin in
a pensive demeanour. "I do, but..." They see them hesitate
for a moment. Close their eyes. As if they were thinking
really hard about it. "Look, it's dangerous to adventure
alone, don't you think?"

You feel like you've heard that line somewhere before, but
the exact place eludes you. You nod.

"And besides, it doesn't seem like you're prepared at all!"
You're surprised at the sudden accusative tone. Sellaris is
pointing at you... at your hands? You think it's at your hands.
"Where's your hand-computer? You can't presume to venture
through the dark reign of the Spire without one, surely."

A hand-computer? You had heard of them before. Practical
stuff. Though you might have spent more of your time with the bigger ones.
Like laptops. Yet, now that you thought about it, it *would* be a bit
difficult to carry one of those here.

"Fine," the gatekeeper sighs. And putting their hand in
their pocket, manages to procure a small device that
they give you---not exactly happily. "I'll let you
have this, then. But I imagine we'll have to go over
the basics here."

You've accepted their gift, your eyes still
wide in surprise. "This is..." You looked again to
be sure. There was no mistaking it. No matter how
you looked at the device, this was a... Crochet hook?

"First, you should make sure you have Node.js. Then you'll
need to activate your Crochet hook. And you will also need
the Adventuring Starter Pack. Oh! And you will need Git, too.
The version control system, not GitHub. Not that it would hurt
to have both, in any ca---"

You interrupt Sellaris' rambling.

----

:doc:`"Wait, you're going to fast! Node.js? Git? What are all these?"`
    All adventurers have to start somehwere. If you've never
    heard of these tools before, this will take you through
    an explanation of all of them, and how to set them up.

:doc:`"What... I've never even heard of an Adventuring Starter Pack." <003-a>`
    Some adventurers are already versed in Node.js and Git.
    But you might still be lost as to how one would go about
    activating a Crochet hook. And what even is an Adventuring
    Starter Pack *anyway*? This will clear those for you.

.. toctree::
   :hidden:

   003-a